Consider pyproject.toml files for config if no other config files were found (#11962)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/reference/customize.rst

* ``tox.ini``: contains a ``[pytest]`` section.
* ``setup.cfg``: contains a ``[tool:pytest]`` section.

> Finally, a ``pyproject.toml`` file will be considered the ``configfile`` if no other match was found, in this case
> even if it does not contain a ``[tool.pytest.ini_options]`` table (this was added in ``8.1``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, a ``pyproject.toml`` file will be considered the ``configfile`` if no other match was found, 
even if it does not contain a ``[tool.pytest.ini_options]`` table (this was added in ``8.1``).  It will thus define the root dir.
```
It was unclear for me at first what the purpose of a pyproject.toml without any pytest related config inside was.

Author: Thanks! Used a slightly different approach, moving this to its own line as it is independent from `pyproject.toml` itself.
